
Today, as I pen down my feelings, I feel nostalgic with all our moments flashing in front of me. Right from the days when we used to share
an auto to the more recent days when you shared your dream life with me, Right from the day when you gave me your laptop to study for parikshak
to all the times you have motivated me, guided me and been there as my suppoting pillar, All our outings,movies,shopping, dinners, airport times,
beaches, games at ur place, sleeping, you making pretty gifts for me, taking interest in every small detail about me,comforting me when i felt 
lonely, cheering me up when i was upset, bearing my tantrums and fulfiling my demands, and for all those memories that
  you’ve given me, I thank you from the bottom of my heart.

You too have seen a lot of ups and downs in the last four years. But trust me, all of it was for your good. And with 
so many difficulties around, you’ve have been very strong, patient and practical. I doubt if I would have even been 
half as resilient as you were, had I been in your place. 
Take a moment to pat your back. You deserve it, man!

you have been my guiding light and my mentor all these years, I have learnt so much from you and all the things you
have done for me, I cant repay you for it my entire life.

When you’ll be flying to Amsterdam, you’ll take with you a lot of learnings, a lot of wisdom and loads of 
determination to overcome any obstacle that may come in your path. And for that, I’m sooooo proud of you! 

The little gift that accompanies this letter is symbolic of a new chapter in life that you’ll write once you leave India. 
It’ll be by your side, as you write your destiny, this time on your own terms, and not centered on someone else. 
Make yourself the focal point of your own life and you will see wonders happening for you. 

                    Because darling,
                    In the end, 
                    You’ve got to be
                    Your own hero,
                    As everybody
                    Is busy
                    Trying to save Themselves.


Read these lines, whenever you feel deserted, deprived or betrayed. You’ll find answers for all your “whys” in there.

I wish I could put into words how much you mean to me. But there just aren’t words, are they? The friendship that
 we share is the kind 
that only comes along once in a lifetime. The kind where we can know what the other feels even without saying a word. 
You mean the world to me- there really isn’t another way to put it!

The past few years with you have been fantastic, reminiscing about old school and young days, secrets and fond memories.
 But then as you leave for Amsterdam, I wish you all the luck for your future. Be someone that your mom could be 
 proud of, and that XYZ could look up to.  
For me, you are selfless, so so so helpful, comforting and generous, I’ve always admired you, and always will.

                

If there comes a day when we can’t be together keep me in your heart i’ll stay there forever.

 i want you to enjoy life as much as you can in Amsterdam , go to new places, have fun ,meet new people, make more
 real friends and come back soon to me :P 

Amsterdam is gonna be epic! (thinking about all the Victoria secret merchandise you will get for me )
 We will stay in touch man, c’mon its the 21st century Skype,Facebook,whats-app and what not.

Go there have a great time and yeah work hard man! All the best , and yeah remember these lines from the 
friends theme song(Although you dont like the show) , they mean a lot to me

No one could ever know me
No one could ever see me
Seems you're the only one who knows what it's like to be me
Someone to face the day with, make it through all the rest with
Someone I'll always laugh with
Even at my worst, I'm best with you, yeah!

It's like you're always stuck in second gear
When it hasn't been your day, your week, your month, or even your year

I'll be there for you
(When the rain starts to pour)
I'll be there for you
(Like I've been there before)
I'll be there for you
('Cause you're there for me too)

good luck!

It seems very formal to say goodbye,
Would seem very gushy, to hug and cry
Or if I try to board on plane with you tomorrow,
You must find a way, anyhow, to leave me behind..;-)
But jokes apart, I so much want you to know,
How jubliant I feel that you're going somewhere so nice,
Hope you meet amazing people there 
Hope you enjoy this wonderful phase of your life.!
More than anything I feel so proud,
That you achieved this golden chance to flight..
Bon voyage, My dear friend, to Japan..
I wish you work hard and reach newer heights.!
Now I understand how Joey must have felt,
When Chandler left for Tulsa in a blink of an eye,
You might go however far you can..
But you'll always know where would I be to find.!
So go man go, follow this with your whole might..
And remember to work smart, not day and night,
Don't forget the people you're leaving behind,
And you know, you r awesome always, just keep that in mind..!!! :-)